Add RealmInteger data type, describe in-memory realms (#862)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/data-types/field-types.txt

If you choose to provide custom constructors, you must declare a public constructor with no arguments.

.. _realminteger:

> RealmInteger<T>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Realm Integer
```
I don't think we use literal code like this in titles anywhere else in the realm docs -- maybe just use the english version of the name instead?

---------------

Realm offers 

> :dotnet-sdk:`RealmInteger<T> <reference/Realms.RealmInteger-1.html>` as a 

Reviewer: this link is broken for me

special integer type to be used as a logical counter. ``RealmInteger<T>`` 
exposes an additional API that can more clearly express intent and generate 
better conflict resolution steps when using Synchronized Realms. The type 

> argument <T> can be of type ``byte``, ``short``, ``int``, or ``long``. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
argument ``<T>`` can be of type ``byte``, ``short``, ``int``, or ``long``. The 
```
Should probably monospace literal code

following example shows how to use a ``RealmInteger`` property that maps to 
an ``int``:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/DataTypes.codeblock.realmint-class.cs
   :language: csharp

> Traditionally, a counter would be implemented by reading a value, incrementing 

Reviewer: passive -> active voice?
```suggestion
Traditionally, you might implement a counter by reading a value, incrementing 
```

it, and then setting it (``myObject.Counter += 1``). This does not work well in 
an asynchronous situation like when two clients are offline. Consider 
the following scenario:

- The {+realm+} object has a ``counter`` property of type ``int``. It is currently 
  set to a value of ``10``.

- Clients 1 and 2 both read the ``counter`` property (``10``) and each increments 
  the value by ``1``.

- When each client regains connectivity and merges their changes, they expect a 
  value of 11, and there is no conflict. However, the counter value should be 
  ``12``!

When using a ``RealmInteger``, however, you can call the ``Increment()`` and 
``Decrement()`` methods, and to reset the counter, you set it to ``0``, just as 
you would an ``int``:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/dotnet/DataTypes.codeblock.realmint-use.cs
   :language: csharp

.. important::

>    When you reset a ``RealmInteger``, you may run into the offline merge issue 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can clarify that by saying that all `Increment/Decrement` calls that happened chronologically before the reset will be discarded while the ones that happened after will be applied on the reset value.

Author: @nirinchev I think this is obvious, no?

Reviewer 2: Not necessarily - people may think that a client that reset the counter but has been offline for 3 months will just override any increments that have happened in the meantime, but that's not the case.

   described above.

> A ``RealmInteger`` is backed by traditional ``integer`` type, so no schema 

Reviewer 2: Technically, no schema migration is required when migrating between all integer types - i.e. one can freely switch between `long`, `short`, `RealmInteger<int>` and so on. That being said, that might be a bit too complicated to explain, so leaving it as it is should be fine.
